[Music]
to me
coffee besides being a drink that helps
to feel awake also contains
a high amount of antioxidants
relieves headaches and reduces the
risk of type 2 diabetes
spinach prevents loss of sight
with its contribution of vitamins like abyc
It also has great content
antioxidant and important minerals
such as iron potassium and magnesium
[Music]
Goodbye is high in fiber so it improves
intestinal transit and also has
a high percentage of water these two
characteristics help the person
feel full and it is a food that is
can eat alone or can be included in
large amount of preparations
lemonade or lemon juice this is a
drink very easy to prepare and that
contains many benefits since we
strengthens the defenses by the great
amount of vitamin c that also helps
in urinary problems brings a
electrolyte balance besides being
very refreshing
low helps to control the pressure
high blood pressure since it improves
circulation also has action
antimicrobial and anticancer
[Music]
Onion is a vegetable that contributes great
amount of minerals like potassium chlorine
magnesium and calcium as well as vitamins bc
ye
[Music]
Low calorie gelatin can be
use as a dessert that does not bring
calories also relieves the symptoms of
gastritis and colitis or you can
use when your stomach is bad
helps to improve the appearance of the hair
skin and nails for their content
Collagen
sweet or spicy chilli is rich in
vitamins a and c that contain substances
antioxidants in the case of chile
spicy this acts as thermogenic is
say it warms the body and makes it
burn more calories
lettuce is a food rich in fiber with
large amount of vitamins and minerals
as calcium and magnesium potassium sodium
what is good for relaxation
muscle has relaxing effects
vinegar there are many types of vinegar
and can be used as dressings for
salads or to prepare dishes this
seasoning has antiseptic functions
so it can be used as
disinfectant also has
antioxidant properties
[Music]